# Diagram Descriptions
## D0
    The most simplistic representation of our project. Our intended input domain is expected to be a database of images of a prehistoric creature (such as a specific species of dinosaur). Our GAN will be trained to generate new images of the provided dinosaur and to descriminate between real and generated images. Once the training has reached equilibrium, we will discard the discriminator model and utilize the generator to create new images that can ideally trick humans into believing they are accurate representations of the originally input creature.

## D1
    In this diagram, we elaborate more on what the GAN itself consists of. Before training, we will need to ensure our input images are converted into a data format that can be processed effectively by the GAN. Once this is done, the GAN will begin its zero-sum game by passing the data between two neural networks. Once a pre-determined level of optimality is reached, the output data will be converted back into a viewable image and displayed for users.

## D2
    Our final design diagram elaborates even further on the internal workings of the GAN itself. It breaks down the training process into a discriminator model and generator model. The discriminator will take in input data of existing images in our project domain and output a binary classification of whether or not it believes the input is real or generated. The accuracies of these classifications will help to update/improve the generator. Likewise, the discriminator will improve at distinguishing real input data from generated. Once the discriminator reaches a desired optimality (with a best case scenario of 50% - essentially guessing whether images are real or not), we can convert the output data from the generator into an image format and display it to users.