# Individual Capstone Assessment - Daniel Hackney

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For my senior design project, I will be looking into the design, implementation, and various applications of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Ideally, given the necessary computational tools can be acquired, my project would utilize them to train a neural network to produce data that can reliably trick a human into thinking the data is real rather than artifically generated. After setting up two models - a generator and a discriminator, I will be able to provide a collection of real and fake data and begin training them. The generator will seek out patterns in the data so it can generate its own new data, while the discriminator will train to get better at determining whether data sent into it is real or fake. Ultimately they will improve each other in an adversarial "zero-sum game." Depending on the specific application, this kind of deep learning can be used to provide unique and realistic images, videos, text, and other types of data to users.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I believe the multitude of courses I have taken throughout my curriculum so far will be important for building a GAN that is useful and meaningful to others. Although I don't have much background in GANs themselves, knowledge of artificial intelligence and machine learning will certainly be helpful. Thankfully, I have already taken an undergraduate AI course (CS 4033 - AI Principles and Applications), and I'm currently enrolled in graduate level courses for AI (CS 6033) and Machine Learning (CS 6037). Considering training a neural network is very computationally expensive, my parallel computing class (CS 6068) may also be beneficial for optimization. As with nearly any project involving programming, the fundamental courses I took earlier in my academic career will surely come into play - such as Data Structures (CS 2028), Programming Languages (CS 3003), and Algorithms (CS 4071). Lastly, for the sake of successful project management over the course of my capstone project, I believe the many useful paradigms and Agile methodologies I learned in Software Engineering (EECE 3093) will come in handy.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Although my coursework has been helpful, it pales in comparison to the real-world experiences I have had while on my co-op rotations. For all three co-op semesters I have been through thus far, I have worked at London Computer Systems - first as a QA tester, and then as a software developer for the following two semesters. Throughout my role as a QA, I learned more about the typical Agile workflow and documentation procedures that go into modern software projects. As a developer, I gained hands-on experience working with front-end languages like HTML, CSS, and AngularJS as well as backend API development with C#. I also got more accustomed with version control software and working with a team on several different problems. I believe these skills could easily prove useful for creating a high-quality capstone project - especially if I end up creating some kind of web-based application that displays the results obtained through a GAN. Without a doubt, the soft skills I acquired, such as collaboration, attention to detail, and critical thinking, will play a role in successfully reaching my goals for this project.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Despite always having a difficult time determining what area of computer science interested me the most, recently I have begun to lean more towards artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning. I see them as stepping stones into a new age of advanced technology that can benefit society in positive, impactful ways. That was my primary motivation to begin working on a generative adversarial network for my capstone project. I also wanted to make sure I picked a project that would not only challenge me from a design perspective, but also challenge me to learn new things and step out of my comfort zone. Admittedly, I have little to no experience with GANs or machine learning aside from the few courses I have taken in school, but I believe my passion for the area will drive me to learn a lot throughout the course of this project. After doing some research into the applications GANs can have, I am very excited to attempt to create and train my own. I specifically would like to see just how well my team will be able to train the GAN - as doing so would yield new data that even ourselves could not distinguish as fake.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My preliminary approach to designing a solution will first involve lots of research and planning. I will need to determine how much computing power we will need and where we can obtain it before even considering training a GAN powerful enough to achieve a high degree of accuracy. If all goes as expected, the training will provide my team with a GAN capable of not only distinguishing between real and fake data (in the context of the training domain) reliably, but will also be able to compose new data that we ourselves will have difficulty categorizing as real or fake (artificially generated). Obtaining a degree of accuracy to the point where the discriminating model is only able to guess correctly approximately 50% of the time will indiciate a perfect success for the GAN and for our project aside from a good user experience. This degree of accuracy will play a large role in determining whether the team as a whole had done a good job, but the leeway we can allow is heavily dependent on the computing power and time put into training - which we may not be able to optimize as we'd prefer. Regardless, I would say we could consider the project complete when we have an (at least semi-reliable) GAN that can be taken advantage of using a high-quality user interface. The data it generates and discriminates upon should serve a practical purpose for users, even if the target audience is rather small in comparison to society as a whole.